everyone we're at CES 2020 and this is
our first suite of the show we already
did a video here but it's going up a bit
later it is of the Intel nook the
socketable computer that sockets into a
PCIe slot so you can check that out
separately but now we're talking at
cyber power suite about some of their
systems they have mostly from the case
front because I find so the cases are
unique in the very least and in this
instance it is a case made by my nemesis
there Bauer before that this video is
brought to you by Thermaltake stuff ram
RGB memory available from 3000 megahertz
up to 40 400 megahertz an 8 gigabyte by
two configurations the third will take
tough Ram uses 10 addressable RGB LEDs
for bright illumination and comes in
both black and white kits of memory
learn more at the link in the
description below so this is the Lian
leo 11 dynamic you've all seen this of
course we've covered it
we used the larger version recently in
our $24,000 PC build we did and the
version that or I guess what's IRA power
has done that's interesting is you may
have seen the ek distro plate for a long
time now and I know a lot of people have
been asking to us when they can get one
and I know they were asking Lea me when
they can get one so Leonie really was
trying to push for the ek distro plate
but you can't kind of dragged its feet
on it so we're where that occurred
there's been opportunity and cyber power
although they're not selling the stuff
separately because it's a system
integrator you buy the whole system on
the website they have fulfilled the
demand for a distro plate they're
working with bits power on this one and
it looks pretty good I mean it's got
district plate on the front and then so
internally it's all straight shot tubing
and there's a large CPU block from bits
power and then the GPU block and I guess
really for the most part this is all
kind of Leon leo 11 dynamic territory
which I don't need to cover that whole
case again it's got a d5 pump though I
will point that out but I just wanted to
showcase the district Lakes a lot of
people asked us about that for the last
four events now actually last couple CES
and copy taxes so if you want one hyper
liquid to siren Power Cells if it's a
full system built though that's the only
downside so if you want to do DIY then
you're out
there next ones so this case this is the
Illuma this is the one where I'll be a
little bit more critical and then we'll
look at some of the more interesting
unique stuff after this so the small box
it's the most budget oriented case that
CyberPower has got on the table here and
the only problem that I currently have
is the intake on the side I'm pretty
sure everyone saw this coming when you
saw the case on camera but intake on the
side is super limited and it's got the
coolermaster effect going on like the H
500 P where the fans are pushed out to
the extent that the intake is actually
mostly behind the fans not in front of
them so they're not able to really take
advantage of it so I'd like to see that
improved but it sounds like there's
still more work happening on this case
so it's well we'll keep an eye on this
one for for improvements in the future
but I mean it's pretty standard closed
off ventilation that you see in a lot of
the mid towers right now so nothing
really new there but it's glass and it's
cheap and I guess that's sometimes what
you're going for let's move on to
another one that's more interesting
though so the next case I should know
that well first of all we're in a
hallway it's echoing all over my voice
but these cases since it's Saira parrots
and si you're not gonna be able to buy
these for DIY which is the same thing we
talked about last year Saira Power has
done some custom work in the past with
fantex for example and you're not able
to buy those cases separately so it's
fun to look at and I don't know
sometimes if there's enough interest
maybe things happen otherwise you have
to buy it on the website through a full
system build this one is the amethyst I
did want to show this because this to my
knowledge has not been done before we're
and will show footage of the backside
but on the back side it is a tempered
glass panel split with steel so you've
got the dichotomy I guess between steel
and glass typically what you'll see is
either just straight class straight
steel or maybe something like the lien
Leal and cool to where it's two separate
doors that open individually which
doesn't really count so what they're
doing here is taking a black out glass
panel and basically
gluing it to the steel and it is
a pretty expensive glue solution so
gluing it to the steel and that's really
the only way to manufacture because the
challenge is when you're dealing with
trying to split the panels like this
there's really no way to secure
everything efficiently in a
cost-effective way and and also have it
look the way it does with the cuts so I
guess the reasoning behind amethyst is
it kind of resembles amethyst but it was
an interesting case design that I
haven't really seen in DIY so I wouldn't
be surprised if you see something like
this pop up at some point and DIY just
because there's a lot of copycats and
DIY or if CyberPower maybe sells it
later but I doubt that's gonna happen so
that's the amethyst the build itself I
mean it's just whatever whatever you
custom configure on the website so
there's not a lot of point in talking
about that it is a deep cool Zaira power
brand a deep cool cooler though you can
see that through there
and then for ventilation there's just a
hole in the top and a hole in the bottom
and then there's a big hole in the top
the case for three fans that look like
are currently 120 but could be 140 so
that's gonna be the amethyst systems
let's move on to the last one which is a
set of cubes okay so this one this one
it hurts me because it looks actually
pretty cool and it strikes me as a rich
person computer in that it seems like
the kind of the kind of thing you just
put in the middle of your living room at
your home theater PC it as a talking
piece I guess it's a cube PC we've seen
these before
omens done them cyber powers been doing
them for years now and different
versions like this larger one behind me
slightly modified from previously but
we've seen this case before so it's not
like it's a new concept but it looks
good in a Mini ITX box it's all
aluminium and glass the problem I have
with it again is the same thing where
this front fan so it's a larger fan
which is lower static pressure which
does worse with constrained intake and
you've got I don't know like a half an
inch of intake on all sides three to
three out of four sides of the panel and
then the shroud for the fan is pushed up
almost completely
the glass so that fans doing literally
nothing I'm pretty sure there's a small
fan of the back the case for exhaust and
what's gonna end up happening here is a
negative pressure set up so anywhere the
air can come in it's going to come in
and hit that CPU downdraft cooler and
the exhaust because there's no real
positive pressure because it's fans not
actually doing anything and also it's a
lower static pressure fan since it's
larger so it's the same it's the same
challenge as before where it's a it's a
cool-looking case and this should cost
customers about $200 to the case so if
you do a build through cyber powers
website and you're choosing between ITX
systems this is a delta of about 200
bucks for them for the fancy case so it
looks cool it's just that I want to see
a solution to the thermal or the
functional challenge one of the things
we were talking about the CyberPower was
lights that have function but I think
also fans should have function so that
needs an improvement but the district
plate on the O 11 looks really good for
the positives the Intel nook with the
cooler master case that we saw you'll
see that a separate video has has some
really interesting design and assembly
and then the amethyst is something that
I'm honestly pretty sure we're going to
see a copycat of I just don't know who
it's gonna be but you'll probably see
one on the DRAM market well we'll have
to when it comes out make sure you tag
me on Twitter and say Steve you called
it because I'm pretty sure I just called
it so that's it for the CyberPower suite
some cool stuff some things I want to
see improved for next year for fans but
hey at least there's some cool stuff in
here and overall there's I think I'm
most interested in the district's we're
gonna see a lot of those this year
actually it's kind of a trend for CES
2020 so that's it for this one thanks
for watching subscribe for more go to
patreon.com/scishow and Razak so stop
directly and I'll see you all next time
[Music]